JORGE BENLLOCH: Now, we are going to just
to add more detail. The posture of the arms
really important. They definitely need one.
We have to make--it's important now to define
the hip position of her because--that's the
hip, then, it's going to be the leg in there.
And that's the other hip, then, it's going
to be the leg in here. Then we have to mark
too, you know, this thing. That's good. Then
this guy have, more or less, the legs in position.
Now, let's dance. Let's see if--she grab him
from the neck maybe. Maybe it's a good one.
Have to just try to redefine the bodies and
put some kind of little detail later. The
arms, they are getting too big and too fat
when we push the clay out around and we have
to re-trim in order to make them look good.
This guy have a big one but this is the jacket.
That's good. There. I like to try to dress
him up with a tuxedo. And now, she have too
much material here. It's just time to put
a little more detail in a-in a good shape
though we have to reshape it. Every time that
we move the figurine and we press or push
the clay in one direction, you have to reshape
it because it's going to change the shape
on the other one and you have to be ready
for that and that's what I am doing here.
Now, we have to do this--no feminine shoulders,
too thick. We have to reshape that. And later,
we are going to make the kind of dress that
she's wearing. Maybe she have--all the back,
covered by the dress. Later, we have to think
which kind of hair we want to put there and
him, too. Now, the chest maybe is too big,
never too big. How I marking here the hips
better around the hip and the dress that it's
come after the hip.